--------------------------------------------------
pilot-link 0.11.4, "Alzheimer Release", 09-16-2002
--------------------------------------------------
Some major bugs have been fixed in this release, which now supercedes all
previous releases in the 0.11.x series.

Major Features:
	* Updated configuration to work with newer autoconf/automake versions

Other Features: 
	* None at this time

Bug Fixes:
	* Fixed the "double-free" bug that would sometimes cause the visor
	  driver to crash or hang on Linux systems
	* Network Hotsync from Linux to Windows now works
	* Perl bindings will build cleanly on perl 5.6 and 5.8 with gcc 2.x
	  and 3.x
	* Fixed an issue with libpng being linked into every binary by default

Known Problems:
	* None identified for this release


----------------------------------------------
pilot-link 0.11.3, "Stable Release", 08-6-2002
----------------------------------------------
This is a rollup stable release of previous 0.11.x bugfixes and feature
additions.

Major Features:
	* None at this time

Other Features:
	* None at this time

Bug Fixes:
	* Reverted a previous pilot-xfer option that overwrote the existing
	  line during a backup. Curses will be dropped into here soon to
	  more finitely control this.
	* Fixed a missing dlpErrIllegalReq in pi-dlp.h that caused problems
	  with J-Pilot

Known Problems:
	None identified for this release

----------------------------------------------
pilot-link 0.11.2, "I Want One Two", 08-6-2002
----------------------------------------------
This is an updated version to the 0.11.1 "Ocean's Eleventy-First" release
from July 18th, and fixes quite a few bugs that people have reported with
gnome-pilot and J-Pilot.

Major Features:
	* pilot-xfer now has a more "usable" backup style, and the -q option
	  now does something useful (this will be changing in the near
	  future, enabling curses to control the backup "windowing")
	* First pass at native FreeBSD support from Anish Mistry (we need
	  testers!)

Other Features:
	* None at this time

Bug Fixes:
	* install-todos -f didn't work at all in 0.11, fixed.
	* pilot-addresses didn't import the right csv format, fixed.
	* Updated the manpages and fixed some typos in the source
	  documentation
	* ReadDBList was returning an incorrect value, confusing J-Pilot,
	  fixed.
	* TCL version test was incorrect in ./confiure.in, fixed.
	* pi-addresses.h had an incorrect field ordering which caused the
	  ouput csv to be incompatible with the record format, fixed.
	* Updates to allow pilot-link to build under BSD/OS 4.3 (Jeffrey C
	  Honig)

Known Problems:
	* Network Hotsync from Linux to Windows does not work

-------------------------------------------------------
pilot-link 0.11.1, "Ocean's Eleventy-first", 07-18-2002
-------------------------------------------------------
This is a bugfix release to address some issues found in the 0.11 release
from 7-12-2002.

Major Features:
	* read-palmpix now takes arguments for output file type, "-t png" or "-t ppm"
	* read-notepad also updated to accept the same argument types

Other Features:
	* Fixed some of the gcc-related warnings (more to come)	
	* All of the language bindings (Perl, Python, Java, Tcl, Tk, iTcl)
	  all default to off, unless specified. If you want to enable them,
	  you must use --with-foo, where 'foo' is the binding of your
	  choice, such as --with-perl

Bug Fixes:
	* pilot-xfer -f didn't work at all in 0.11, fixed.
	* pilot-xfer -f bugfix for non-writable local files
	* Minor Python build fix

Known Problems:
	* pilot-addresses -T header fix (don't import header into record)
        * pilot-xfer -f fix (support '-f FooDB' as 'FooDB.p{db|rc|qa}

---------------------------------------------
pilot-link 0.11, "Ocean's Eleven", 07-12-2002
---------------------------------------------
This is a development release, primarily to test the new usb device support. 
Most of the USB devices are on /dev/ttyUSB1 (or usb/tts/1), except for the
Sony PEG-S300 and 760C which are on /dev/ttyUSB0 (or usb/tts/0).  Note that
you must hit the sync button prior to running the app right now for USB
devices.  It is recommended that a kernel > 2.4.16 be used due to problems
that existed in earlier drivers (may get a kernel oops).

Major Features:
	* DLP argument parsing re-write
	* Better usb device support e.g. usb:/dev/ttyUSB1 
	
Other Features:
	* Allow sync to proceed even if OS 4.x device has password set
	* Split out generic conduit library to libpisync
	* DLP regression test

Bug Fixes:
	* Compile perl, python modules with correct lib dir
	* Lots of minor bug fixes, reorganization

Known Problems (Please see doc/TODO for more details):
	* os2serial.c and winserial.c files are not yet ported to the new
	  USB, serial, and Net protocol "recipes"
	* The "sys" protocol is not well tested
	* TCL/TK bindings are out of commission
	* PDB files with space filler records are not yet handled properly

-------------------------------------------
pilot-link 0.10.99, "Woodstock", 03-20-2002
-------------------------------------------
This is a development release, primarily to test the new usb device support. 
Most of the USB devices are on /dev/ttyUSB1 (or usb/tts/1), except for the
Sony PEG-S300 and 760C which are on /dev/ttyUSB0 (or usb/tts/0).  Note that
you must hit the sync button prior to running the app right now for USB
devices.  It is recommended that a kernel > 2.4.16 be used due to problems
that existed in earlier drivers (may get a kernel oops).

Major Features:
	* Support for new USB devices (like the Palm m500 and Sony
	  PEG-N710C)
	* Updated Java bindings (David Goodenough)
	* Updated Python bindings (Rob Tillotson)
	* Application cleanup for consistency

Other Features:
	* Generic device and protocol implementations
	* Complete Autoconf/Automake setup
	* C++ library is now shared (.so) and installed
	* Complete source tree re-organization
	* Runtime debug logging down to the packet level

Bug Fixes:
	* Expense Preferences now pack/unpack correctly
	* Dozens of minor bug fixes, code reformatting, reordanization

Known Problems (Please see doc/TODO for more details):
	* os2serial.c and winserial.c files are not yet ported to the new
	  USB, serial, and Net protocol "recipes"
	* The "sys" protocol is not well tested
	* TCL/TK bindings are out of commission
	* PDB files with space filler records are not yet handled properly
